Search devices endpoint fix (#35491)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/2_0_3.md

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike Falcon

> - Improved implementation for **cs-falcon-search-device** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the **cs-falcon-search-device** command to be able to handle a larger amount of results.
```
